Add not paged endpoints support documentation (#9)
xmartlabs/fountain-docs: FountainRetrofit.md

In addition, there are some optional parameters that you can define:
- `firstPage: Int`: The initial page number, by default its value is 1.
- [`ioServiceExecutor : Executor`](https://developer.android.com/reference/java/util/concurrent/Executor): The executor with which the service call will be made. By default, the library will use a pool of 5 threads.
- [`pagedListConfig: PagedList.Config`](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/arch/paging/PagedList.Config): The paged list configuration.
In this object you can specify several options, for example the `pageSize` and the `initialPageSize`. 

## Network Support Listing Creator for not paged endpoints

A Listing with Network support for paged not endpoints can be created invoking `createNetworkListing`.
```kotlin
FountainRetrofit.createNotPagedNetworkListing(
  notPagedRetrifitPageFetcher: NotPagedRetrifitPageFetcher<out ListResponse<out NetworkValue>>,
  ioServiceExecutor: Executor = FountainConstants.NETWORK_EXECUTOR
)
```

There's only one required structure, [`NotPagedRetrifitPageFetcher<out ListResponse<Value>>`], which Fountain uses to handle the paging.

> Additionally you can specify the [`ioServiceExecutor : Executor`](https://developer.android.com/reference/java/util/concurrent/Executor). It's executor with which the service call will be made. By default, the library will use a pool of 5 threads.

Reviewer: The `the` before `executor` is missing. However, I think you can say `It's the executor that'll be used to make the service call`.

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally you can specify the [`ioServiceExecutor : Executor`](https://developer.android.com/reference/java/util/concurrent/Executor). It's the executor that'll be used to make the service call.
```

- [`pagedListConfig: PagedList.Config`](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/arch/paging/PagedList.Config): The paged list configuration.
In this object you can specify several options, for example the `pageSize` and the `initialPageSize`. 

## Cache + Network Support Listing Creator for not paged endpoints

A Listing with Cache + Network Support for paged endpoints can be created invoking the `createNetworkWithCacheSupportListing`

```kotlin
FountainRetrofit.createNotPagedNetworkWithCacheSupportListing(
  notPagedRetrifitPageFetcher: NotPagedRetrifitPageFetcher<out ListResponse<out NetworkValue>>,
  cachedDataSourceAdapter: CachedDataSourceAdapter<NetworkValue, DataSourceValue>,
  ioServiceExecutor: Executor = FountainConstants.NETWORK_EXECUTOR,
  ioDatabaseExecutor: Executor = FountainConstants.DATABASE_EXECUTOR
)
```
There are two required components:

1. A [`NotPagedRetrifitPageFetcher<out ListResponse<Value>>`] to fetch all pages.
1. A [`CachedDataSourceAdapter<Value>`](CachedDataSourceAdapter.md) to take control of the `DataSource`.

In addition, there are some optional parameters that you can define:

> - [`ioServiceExecutor : Executor`](https://developer.android.com/reference/java/util/concurrent/Executor): The executor through which the service call will be made  By default, the library will use a pool of 5 threads.

Reviewer: missing dot after `will be made`

Author: ```suggestion
- [`ioServiceExecutor : Executor`](https://developer.android.com/reference/java/util/concurrent/Executor): The executor through which the service call will be made. By default, the library will use a pool of 5 threads.
```
